# MyGame
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/ENrPRG73omk>
#### Description: 

--I named the game I made on this project "Village survivor" and it is a game using Lua with LÖVE2d, the game is about a boy which has to run away (for 100s) from ghosts on a village in order to survive. The project has 4 folders: libraries, maps, sounds and sprites. It also has 4 .lua files and the executable game, besides this readme file.
--On the folder libraries I have open source assets that helped me to create the camera, the animations of the main character, the collisions and the implementation of the tiled map I made. On the folder maps I just kept the images and the tiled map I needed to store to use inside the game. On the folder sounds I kept the sound effects and the songs I put in the game. On the folder sprites I kept the sprites images.
--Starting the .lua files with Button.lua in this file I made a button that can trigger a function upon clicks on it, like exiting/quitting the game, playing/replaying the game and going back to the menu. The second .lua file is conf.lua, this one is really simple and only changes the icon and the name of the game when you open it. Third .lua is enemy.lua, this one already has a bit of code, this file returns a function that has more functions inside, including the enemy move function, the spawn randomizer, the one that checks collision and the draw function of the enemies. The last and biggest .lua file is main.lua on love.load() and before it I randomized the seed everytime someone opens the game, so the same spawns dont happen over and over and become repetitive and predictable, then I made fonts, implemented the buttons, created game_States and a function to change Game State, created a start new game function that puts the game on running state and that triggers all the other actions of the actual game, I implemented the map, the character animations, the enemies and the collisions between the player and the tiled map objects, after that I put the songs on the game from the sounds librarie. On love.update I handled all the player moving code and its collision box moving too, then i said in which part of the game each music should be playing, made the camera and told that certain actions like enemy:update(dt) should only happen when the game state is == to running and made it so if the player gets to 100 points the game state = to won. On love.draw() i made code to draw the map layers, the player,  the enemies when supposed to, the buttons and the score. I also made a keypressed function to mute the songs by pressing "z".
--The MyGame.love file is the .exe that opens the game, i dont know if someone is actually gonna read this but if you want feel free to give my game a rating :>.